Add intergration tests for tokenfatoty module (#2)
osmosis-labs/tokenfactory: dockernet/README.md

> `/dockernet` contains infrastructure that is used for testing and development of the Stride protocol. The scripts here support docker-image based testing, some of which are heavily inspired by those used by Osmosis and Quicksilver (although there have been large deviations from the original implementations since). The relevant licenses are included here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`/dockernet` contains infrastructure that is used for testing. The scripts here support docker-image based testing.
```

## Testing

* The purpose is to ensure that the main functions of the tokenfactory operate perfectly on any chain. So we set up a simulated environment on dockernet to test.

* The main files that need attention:

>     * dockernet/build.sh: build both simd and node binaries for docker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * dockernet/build.sh: build simd that will be used in docker
```

    * dockernet/config.sh: contains config variables

>     * dockernet/tests/integration_tests.sh: contains both test logic here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * dockernet/tests/integration_tests.sh: contains test logics here
```
